Link for reference: https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-secret-to-raising-smart-kids1/

As someone who teaches students (and sometimes mentors & co-workers) in the Chicago area, I find the growth mindset incredibly important to adopt. I myself also take on the growth mindset when I encounter diffucult problems in my everyday life. I tell myself that failure is not the end, but a fantastic teacher. That learning a new concept is more rewarding than mastering the one kick a thousand times. The article "The Secret to Raising Smart Kids" certainly reinforces this idea which brings relief. It is important to note however I have already read books and material on this subject. Growing up at my High School, we were tasked with reading "Outliears" by Malcolm Gladwell to learn about what seperates the "geniuses" and those who are "deficient". What has always stuck with me was those who had innate ability to perform well will have short-term gains while those who have a learning mindset will outperfrom those who have that ability. I like to think I am living proof (funny enough) to this mindset considering I had so many learning challenges in my life. And I still have more to learn :)

So, how can this mindset help me in this textbook of proofs. First, as Jay Cummings pointed out in his writings, math is concrete while proofs are subjective. This subjective nature means there are one to many ways to be right or wrong in our answers. Hence, there will be a lot of trial and error in these exercises. But, this means it will be all the more rewarding. With struggle comes invaluable experience that cannot be gained through passive reading. As someone who studies AI in my spare time (and sometimes during work, but don't tell my boss), you end up learning a lot about the brain. And the truth is, the brain is a pattern regonition machine. So, the only way we as humans can ever get better at something is to expose ourselves to reoccuring problems til we surpass ourselves. Knowing the only competition is myself and all I need is patience, time, and perseverence makes the end goal all the more rewarding. 

The whole reason I bought this book afterall is because I wanted to revisit proofs. I have done proofs in past through theory of computation & linear algebra at NIU. And I was terrible! I made the mistake of not going into office hours with fear of looking like a fool. I should have known better. Now, I correct my mistake, because I believe just as those students did that mistakes are complex problems to be solved. I am glad to have the opportunity to revisit this one. I will gain the ability to reason about the intricate problems I encounter in my work & life. And if I fail, I cannot wait for round 3!

Anyways, my father just called me down for dinner. So, I will conclude here by saying that I plan to work through these problems. Damned be the failures, look on to the growth upon yourself!
